Bring on the acronyms.
So we are ready to kind of look at
this huge list of things you might or
might not see throughout the remainder
of this particular course on multimedia.
>> Yeah, just a bunch of things we find
sort of may be important, relevant.
So first off, we got CV,
which is computer vision.
That's an important term for
this course because something will be
implementing later on and
application will be showing you guys, so
what a CVC is just simply the concept
by processing or analyzing an image to
get some kind of data, or make that
decision, or something like that.
>> Yeah, and we could go down this list
one by one, but I think it's better for
you maybe to take some time, pause it,
read up on some of these things, some
of these acronyms, and I don't know, get a
little familiar with some of these terms.
And even go search for some of them and
find out a little bit more about them
if they seem interesting to you.
There's, I think, three or four pages
of these, so let's check it out.
What else so we've got-
>> We've got a couple of them.
>> Yeah, instant messaging,
I mean pretty self explanatory.
I'm pretty sure most of you participate
in an instant message or two everyday.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Either through the cellular networks,
through the Internet, Wi-Fi, whatever or
whatever it is that you're
transmitting your messages through.
That's a form of multimedia.
So MIDI,
used in a lot of recording studios
emulating musical instruments, etc.
You can look up more stuff like that.
Video telephony, conference calls,
things such as Skype.
Even though it's a VOIP service,
it's also a multimedia service.
So you're getting video transmission and
audio video transmissions.
Then you can pause, check this out.
Now, I pulled these from a website
that I will provide you with.
So let's take a look at
the next one right here.
DSP solution,
digital signal processing, done a lot.
Standard RGB, standard red, green, blue.
Read a little bit about that.
But yeah, I pulled this from
a website like I was saying
I will provide you with that link.
There are hundreds of these terms and
acronyms that I will suggest you go and
take a look at.
Again, take the ones that you
feel are most interesting,
put them on your cheat sheet, maybe think
about what you find interesting and
want to add to the application later.
>> Yeah.
Maybe you find say, I don't know,
you wanted to implement some
kind of a streaming utility.
[CROSSTALK] Like remember in
the previously in the VOIP we made
an application, but when you call
somebody it didn't ring up anything.
Meaning this could have multimedia,
add some sound effects and a ringtones,
something like that.
>> Using media.
Here you go.
All right, cool.
So anyways have some fun
with these acronyms.
Start up your Chichi now and
we'll see the next video.